hey what's up good what is up so I made
a very easy simple disable it it's just
a blowgun yeah by 21 1998 which is me
sorry my sloppy handwriting I couldn't
you know was I wasn't able to kitty you
know the way the the barrel shaped I
couldn't get it it I couldn't make it so
here's the ball tube in the barrel and
those are the two dots it's stuck in
there so he's going to get them out okay
so there is simple and you built in here
and barrel so I'll all together this is
a good thing okay so Gordon boy voting
is very easy and simple I can make a
tutorial but tutorial really wouldn't be
necessary unless you ask but um eight
different people no tonight five
different people have to ask for a
tutorial and one for me to make one but
I mean it's so easy I mean if you just
do it all you have to do is just
something it's like you just roll this
up over to a different too and you know
just roll this up smaller just one
little bit smaller they just open it let
it go it expands inside this tube and
then tape it and take it out of tape it
so the dots just take a nail and force
you roll this around here over first
roll like a paper blowgun dart a railgun
dart and so just like this just roll it
up well baked into a cone like a cone
for the darts and just cut it just a
little bit i'll pull them nail straight
through it and tape it all around that
simple okay okay so i got this let's go
into a three-test one
okay shooting tests to an operation
three two one ego and it's a simple easy
to do okay thanks for watching guys
raped Odette subscribe